Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, Paul, it's not cool
that he's calling your shoes gay.
No. It hurts.
Why are you calling his shoes gay?
Well, I didn't mean,
like, gay, "homosexual" gay.
I mean, like, "stupid" gay.
- Why say either?
- Exactly.
'Cause bullying is weak.
- But kindness...
- Kindness...
Is savage.
That was great.
- All right, one more scenario?
- Let's do it.
- Awesome.
- All right, so...
Cindy wants to ask Paul to the dance.
But Paul can't stop making fun
- of her style.
- I drew the dicks.
So, um... Okay, so, uh...
Hey, I drew the dicks.
I drew the dicks.
Christa blew the dicks.
Oh, yes, he did.
I drew the dicks.
- I drew the dicks.
- I drew the dicks!
- Nope.
- Okay.
- This will stop.
- Stop it right now. Stop it right now.
- I drew the dicks...
I want this over and done with now.
Stop it. Stop it. All of you,
stop filming right now. Right now.
Right now. Right now.
I said, stop it right now.
No more filming.
Although it was well-intentioned,
the protests at the cyberbullying assembly
did more harm than good.
- I drew the dicks...
- I want Ecklund and Maldonado
in my office.
Sam and I aren't seniors,
so, we weren't even at the assembly,
but the administration blamed us
for the frenzy surrounding the vandalism.
So, later that day,
Vice Principal Keene called us
into his office
to tell us that American Vandal
has been banned from Hanover High.
No more working out of the TV studio.
No more filming on school grounds.
No one's even allowed
to watch the show during lunch
without facing serious consequences.
But fortunately no one can stop us
from filming this documentary off-campus.
Remember I told you
that by identifying the car with splatter,
we'd be able to identify the first car hit
and, in turn, the potential target?
Right there. Splatter, right there.
Identifying a target.
Look for anything that could be splatter.
Splatter will lead to target,
target will lead to motive.
- Anything?
- Anything that could be splatter.
It's hard to determine
what's splatter.
For any one of these,
where it's at the tip...
I mean, is that splatter,
or is that just cum? Who knows?
Oh, what about this one?
Right here at the top.
No, dude, I don't think
someone would start drawing a dick
at the mushroom head.
That just doesn't feel right.
You're right, that doesn't feel...
That's a really good point, actually.
The splatter would only happen
on the first car
at the first point of contact,
and if you've ever drawn a dick,
you know you don't start
in the middle of the shaft.
You either start with the balls
or at the bottom of the shaft.
This is where we're looking for splatter.
Ooh. Hmm.
Yeah. Yeah.
This could definitely be splatter. Look.
- That's dripping.
- Splatter.
- That's definitely splatter.
- Definitely.
- Whose car is that one?
- This is Rafferty's. Okay.
After a thorough look at all the dicks,
we were able to narrow it down
to three cars with potential splatter.
Maeda, Rafferty, and Vice Principal Keene.
One, Mr. Keene, the vice principal.
Two, Mr. Maeda, the physics teacher.
And three, Mr. Rafferty,
the PE teacher and football coach.
They are the possible splatter victims.
So, now we have to work backwards,
and see who would have a possible vendetta
against these three.
Okay. And how exactly are we supposed
to do that?
How do you uncover a vendetta?
It's not the sort of thing people
openly post about online.
Or maybe it is.
Sam and I learned
that all official complaints made
against teachers in California
public schools are public information.
They're all kept in a database online
that's easily searchable.
So, if a student made a complaint
against a Hanover teacher,
there's a chance it's documented.
But when I searched for Rafferty,
Maeda, and Keene, nothing came up.
In fact,
Hanover High School hasn't uploaded
a single teacher complaint file
in the last four years.
Bullshit. They can't do that.
We're gonna have to talk
to the teachers directly,
talk to Rafferty or Maeda,
and find out if anybody
has a possible vendetta against them.
What? No, dude, we can't do that.
The moment we walk into Hanover
with a camera,
Keene is going to kill us.
What do you think?
Uh, I think it looks pretty fucking weird
that you just have your phone
in your shirt pocket.
People do it.
No, they don't.
Yeah, they do.
- You think Gabi will drive us to school?
- What, like, now?
Yeah. Yeah, we got like... 45 minutes
until office hours are over.
This is just a bad plan.
No, it's not. No one's gonna notice.
You're overthinking it.
All right, call Gabi. Come on.
- Hey, Coach Rafferty, you got a minute?
- Yeah. Come on in, boys.
Hey, so, we were hoping
we could ask you just a few questions.
- What's with the camera in your pocket?
- Oh, no, he puts that there.
- People do that.
- Yeah. I have stuff in my pockets.
Yeah. Okay.
I don't care. If you wanna keep filming,
go ahead. What do you want?
Um, so, we have reason to believe
that the vandalism on March 15th
was carried out to target you.
- Is that right?
- Right.
So, the question is,
does any student at the school
have a vendetta against you,
that you know of, maybe?
- Ooh. A vendetta? No. I hope not.
- Yeah.
Any idea as to who would target you?
Any student in particular
that dislikes you?
Guys, you're talking to the
Hanover High School Teacher of the Year.
People love me.
Right, but, you know,
maybe a student you benched,
or you took out for the season.
I don't know. Any... The smallest thing.
I'll tell you what.
If I can think of anything,
I'll let you guys know.
- Okay. Cool.
- Great.
- Thank you, sir.
- Thank you, guys.
I really appreciate it.
Oh, was Kyle Rafferty a target?
Oh, does someone
maybe not like Kyle Rafferty? Oh.
Oh, I'm so surprised
someone might hate Kyle Rafferty.
That guy sucks, dude.
Kyle Rafferty sucks.
So, what, like, what's the theory?
- 'Cause of the spray paint?
- The splatter.
He was probably
one of the first cars hit.
Okay.
I hope it was Kyle Rafferty.
That'd be the perfect ending to this.
God, that guy sucks.
Kraz is the only teacher
who will talk to us
about the potential splatter victims,
because now he has nothing to lose.
So, I have been fired, which I guess
I should have seen that coming.
I said a lot of things that...
I regret.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's not your fault. It's not your fault.
- I'm sorry. I really didn't mean
- It's not you.
- For my documentary to get you in trouble.
- No, it's awesome. Congratulations. Great.
And, you know, and now that...
Hey, now that people are watching, I...
If anyone's...
I need a job.
I can do...
I know history stuff, obviously.
I don't wanna do it...
Be a history teacher.
I don't wanna do that.
But if you have a job that you need
someone who knows history stuff...
I can never go back to doing that, man.
The thing people don't realize
about being a history teacher is...
dude, it is so boring.
But, I mean,
was the school just in firing me?
Honestly, yeah. Yes.
And that's Kyle Rafferty.
That dude has, like, roofied people.
I said that Kyle Rafferty...
I believe I said he drugs people
and pays for sex.
I compared Shapiro to that guy
on Game of Thrones with no dick.
And by the way,
I'm just gonna be an open book
about all of these teachers from now on,
'cause what are they gonna do,
fire me again?
Uh, we were just hoping
to ask you a couple questions.
Uh, yeah. Okay.
- Awesome. Thank you.
- Yep.
Uh... Well,
I guess our first question would be, um...
do you have any students that might have
some sort of vendetta against you?
Any students that... just stand out,
dislike you?
Well, there are plenty of students
who dislike me, you know?
I'm a tough teacher.
Mr. Maeda, the physics teacher,
has a reputation of his own.
He's known for confiscating electronics
from students,
so,
we didn't just go in looking for gossip.
We were also looking for evidence.
Have you ever talked to him?
He's a creepy man.
He's also kind of a jerk of a teacher.
I see someone pull out electronics,
I take it away.
Keep it till the end of semester.
I don't want someone back here
playing Candy Crush while I'm mid-lecture.
Doesn't he do that thing,
he takes students' phones
for, like, a whole semester?
You can't do that.
That should be illegal.
To take someone's phone
for a whole semester?
I would have had a vendetta
against that guy.
Playing Candy Crush?
No, that's unacceptable.
That's not gonna happen.
That's how I confiscated that iPad Pro.
Was the student, like, really upset?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'd say so.
Tears, begging.
Yeah. But it was necessary, you know?
I needed to set the tone early.
Whose iPad was it?
Oh, I... No.
It's not right for me to say whose...
It was Sara's. Pearson.
That's right. Sara Pearson.
The girl Alex Trimboli claimed to get
to third base with at Camp Miniwaka.
She's also one
of our most popular fan theories.
Could she have a vendetta against Maeda
for confiscating her iPad?
It's possible,
but she's got a solid alibi.
On March 15th,
she was in San Diego with her family.
- Put that down. That's not yours.
- Thank you.
We appreciate your help.
- Sorry.
- Sorry about that, sir.
- Thank you for your time.
- Thank you. Have a good night.
- What did you see on the iPad?
- Just go.
What Sam found on Sara's iPad
didn't give us anything pointing
to Sara as the vandal,
but it did give us something else
worth investigating.
- Pete, are you recording?
- Mm-hm.
Uh, hold on, I took a screenshot
and I sent it to myself.
Just has to load real quick. There.
It's an iMessage conversation
between Sara Pearson and Paige Davidson.
"He's not as big as Brad, though."
Crying laughing.
"LOL. I still can't believe
Pat is on both of our lists."
"You left someone off yours."
"Who?"
"Alex Trimboli.
Put him on there, make it an even 15."
"Ha-ha."
"We all know you touched his dick.
Add it to your list."
"That's not even possible.
Last day of camp I left early
to meet up with Brandon Galloway."
"Oh, I forgot about that."
So, what do we take from this?
A few things.
We know
that Sara Pearson has a hookup list.
We know that there are 14 people on it,
and that Brad Cormack
is doing well for himself.
We also know that Pat Micklewaite
isn't only on Sara Pearson's hookup list,
he's on Paige Davidson's
hookup list, as well.
Pat Micklewaite.
But the biggest thing we learned
is that Sara
didn't give Alex Trimboli a hand job.
Alex was right that she needed a rebound
from Van Delory,
but she didn't go to Alex Trimboli
for that rebound,
she want to Brandon Galloway,
which explains why she was cagey
when it came to denying the hookup.
Have you ever hooked up
with Alex Trimboli?
Ew.
She had to keep
her alibi a secret,
because Brandon was dating Gabi Granger.
So, Alex didn't get any,
but looks like Brandon's been busy.
Wait, Sam,
are you making a joke right now?
You're dating Brandon Galloway.
What did you expect?
Oh, fuck you, Sam.
Just fuck you both.
Find your own ride home.
Is she serious?
Sam, why would you
make a joke like that?
- That's so mean, dude.
- Shut up.
I feel terrible about the Sara
Pearson hookup list affecting Gabi.
But the revelation
about Sara and Brandon
answers that lingering question
about the school board's key witness,
Alex Trimboli.
Alex is not on Sara's hookup list,
so, we know he lied about the hand job.
Uh, he lied about being tight
with Joey Themelis.
The guy barely knows him.
He lied about being wasted
at Nana's party. One beer.
And I guarantee you,
he lied about seeing Dylan do the dicks.
Right. Without Alex's testimony,
the school board literally has nothing.
- They have nothing.
- Nothing.
So, now all we have to do is talk
to Vice Principal Keene,
find out if anyone would have a vendetta
against him.
But it's not like we can record that.
We can talk to him, probably,
but any trick we try and pull...
The phone trick?
He'll spot that from a mile away.
But Keene, I could see Keene,
too. That's... That'd be a good one.
Keene thinks he's,
like, this authority figure,
just 'cause, you know... I guess he is...
He was my boss, and fired me.
Vice Principal Keene, man.
I don't trust that dude.
I don't trust that dude one bit.
He got secrets.
- I really appreciate it.
- Yep.
So, um, in order for me
to find the true vandal,
I need to find the true victim
of this crime.
Okay, you know what?
Dispense with all this drama, really.
I mean, could you get on with it, please?
Um...
Sir, the faculty files are supposed
to be updated
to the California Commission
of Teacher Credentials website,
and Hanover High School's
hasn't been updated since 2012,
which is illegal.
Are you insinuating
there's some sort of conspiracy?
It's clerical, okay?
It's an administrative... Never mind.
I wasn't... I wasn't... I was... I was...
- I can't leave until I get those files.
- You know what? Guess what.
You just earned yourself
a Saturday detention.
- Leave now before you earn another one.
- I asked a question. I didn't do anything.
What...? Are you filming?
- No...
- Is that a recorder? You're recording.
No, my phone... My screen
was just on. It wasn't recording...
My mom's gonna fucking kill me.
Are you filming?
Peter, are you serious? Stop, dude.
The documentary was already banned
from campus...
but now so are we.
Keene gave Sam
and I a three-day suspension.
He told us if
we're ever caught filming at school again,
we'll be expelled, just like Dylan.
If Keene says that the documentary
has been a distraction in school,
honestly, I can see that.
But I don't believe
that's why he suspended us.
The teachers had no issue
with American Vandal at first.
I think they kind of liked it.
So, what changed?
Narrowing the target
to Rafferty, Maeda, and Keene,
learning that the administration
was hiding teacher files
that should be available to the public.
I think that's why we were suspended,
for flying too close to the sun.
It tells me
that we were getting somewhere.
But the documentary was already difficult
with our limited access.
Now finding the truth
feels nearly impossible.
- Yo, dude.
- Hey, man.
Your first suspension, man.
Congratulations.
We have a little tradition we do.
It's called breakfast burritos and blunts.
There's your breakfast burrito.
Grab a blunt.
- Congratulations.
- Hey, Peter.
- Hey.
- Yeah, buddy.
- What's up, buddy?
- Uh...
- Dude, I'm so proud of you.
- It's his first suspension, guys.
- First suspension. Rock on.
- Shouldn't you guys be in school?
- Hey, where's your boy Sam?
- Oh, uh, he got grounded.
Now you're suspended, dude.
Welcome to your new life, dude.
[Peter] Side note:
This was a really good burrito.
So, you never smoked weed before?
Never?
- Man, you gotta try it.
- No, I have asthma, so...
Yeah, so, weed will help.
Isn't weed good for asthma?
- Yeah.
- Weed's good for everything.
- Did you see that dude
that had an epileptic attack,
and then, like, you know, like...?
Yeah, there was that one chick that...
She couldn't walk, remember?
And then she smoked,
and she was just like...
In that video. I saw that video.
- Hey, we gotta go, yo.
- Yeah, we gotta go.
- We'll be back after school, man.
- You were so cool.
- All right. Deuces Bigelow.
- Let's do it again.
Congratulations again, Pete.
Bye, guys.
Dylan and his friends considered
my suspension
some sort of badge of honor,
a rite of passage.
I don't think they fully understood
how much the suspension
was hindering our investigation.
I needed to be at school,
digging up more dirt on Rafferty,
Maeda, and Keene.
Instead, I was at Dylan's house,
watching him spend another day alone.
It's pretty sick when they, like,
skip a period to come chill, or whatever.
Like, we used to do that all the time,
when one of us would get suspended, but...
since this whole shit went down,
it's pretty much just been me.
Actually...
Everyone's at school right now.
I'm just stuck here,
and I can't go there,
which is just such a weird thing
to be mad about,
so, like, I'm just...
I'm confused, because it's like...
I've never wanted to go to school,
and now it's like the only thing
I can think about.
Dylan recently learned
his official court date, June 22nd.
He'll be tried as an adult
for felony vandalism.
So, while his classmates are at school,
studying history and math,
he's at home, preparing for his hearing.
I've been watching a lot
of Judge Judy lately,
just, like, kind of prepare and whatnot.
I'm putting all the notes for court
in this notebook.
Like, Judy hates it when, you know,
people chew gum, or text, or whatever.
Or, like, I saw one guy
that started yelling at his wife,
and she was,
like, pretty heated about that.
She starts banging that thing.
You know? Like, I... The...
My main thing for court is,
like, I don't want them to bang the...
I don't want her
to bang that hammer thing.
'Cause I feel like that...
When that happens,
that's when you know, like,
"Fuck, this isn't looking good for me."
Watching Judge Judy
to help prepare for his court hearing
almost makes sense,
in a Dylan sort of way.
Dylan is afraid of his upcoming trial,
because he knows how poorly he came off
in the school board hearing.
He tells me he wasn't nervous,
heading into that hearing.
He was no stranger
to getting into trouble with the school,
but it was always
for something he actually did.
This time, he felt that the system
would prove him innocent.
He didn't realize the school board
had already made up their mind.
He wasn't walking into a trial,
he was walking into an execution.
So, there's...
I mean, there's a voicemail somewhere
of me making the Kiefer Sutherland call.
I can tell you what I was saying.
Please.
Okay. I was like...
I was like, "Janson..."
for both of our safeties,
"I need you
to evacuate the place immediately."
Then that was Kiefer Sutherland?
- I mean, obviously, yeah.
- Okay.
Uh, one of the videos on your YouTube page
I saw was called Nun Humping?
Nun Tree Humping. Yeah.
Oh, my mistake. Nun Tree Humping. Okay.
Do you wanna tell me what that was?
Um, yeah. It's kind of like,
we just dress up as nuns,
and, uh... hump trees.
Another one I saw
was called, um, Baby Farting.
Uh, would you like to tell the members
of the school board what Baby Farting was?
Uh, yeah, that was just, like, one of
the more classic, uh, pranks that we do,
where we'll just kind of go to a park,
or just another... A public place.
Find, you know, a baby, toddler,
and just, like, fart on them.
- Which one are you trying on?
- The dark gray one.
- What?
Why are you mumbling?
You gotta get ready for court, so, just...
Mom, it's charcoal.
It's a charcoal-colored suit, Mom.
Okay. Um, what was the price
on that charcoal one again?
Two twenty-five.
Oh.
That's a lot better.
Yeah. That looks really nice.
That's good.
Tuck in the shirt, sweetie.
I just always thought
my first suit would be for, like...
high-school graduation,
or, like, something sick,
like the Winter X Games,
or like the regular X Games.
Or, like, my funeral.
Not for lame-ass court.
No.
Too bright for court. That's...
Look at you, huh?
You know who you look like?
You look like 007.
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God.
Did you hear that, Denise?
Said he looked like 007,
'cause he's so handsome.
Pete, why are you even filming this, dude?
It just keeps getting worse.
Dude, if you can't shoot this at school,
and you're suspended,
then why are you even still doing this?
It's over.
Dude, no, it's not, okay?
I'm doing the best I can.
Are you?
You're really doing the best you can?
You're just gonna let them shut you up?
Just gonna let them suspend you?
No, I'm not gonna...
I'll figure something out.
A gag order
has been placed on a local student
at Hanover High School,
shining a light on censorship.
Sophomore Peter Maldonado's documentary,
which has gone viral,
has been shut down by the high school.
Classmates argue
that the ban violates free-speech rights.
The school sees it differently.
I set out to tell a story, a story
that a lot of people really do care about,
but it's obvious that the administration
doesn't want it to get out.
I think it's totally unfair
to call it a distraction.
Sure, people are taking notice,
and students are engaging,
but it's not distracting students
from doing their work,
I think
that's the administration's excuse.
At the center
of Peter Maldonado's documentary
is Dylan Maxwell,
a student expelled for vandalism.
Peter's film questions
whether or not he committed the crime.
It just sucks
that the school's being so unfair.
They shouldn't do that to Peter.
He doesn't deserve that.
The school has refused to
comment on accusations of censorship...
When American Vandal went viral,
I considered the attention a distraction,
something that closed more doors
than it opened.
That attention was the reason
we got shut down.
But it also had the potential
to be the reason we got back up.
Seeing the buzz our documentary got,
local news returned my call immediately.
After their report
and a series of online petitions,
Keene agreed to meet with my mother and I,
about my suspension.
What went on in there, dude?
Tell me.
Dude, you have no idea.
My mom was like a straight savage.
She went in on him, dude.
Like, you have no idea.
Not only did I get reinstated
immediately...
- It was like I had...
- Whoo!
What's up, man?
...the documentary did, as well.
Furthermore,
Keene agreed to give us full access
to the hard copies
of the school's faculty complaint files,
which may finally lead us
to the vandal's target.
My call for help was a success,
but there's still plenty of work
to be done.
Luckily, one of the many messages
I received in the past 24 hours
got us a lot closer.
Uh, hi, Peter.
So, I'm calling about your documentary.
I can't be involved with it.
I've seen people get in trouble,
people are getting fired,
so, I don't want my name attached
to this at all.
But I have heard that you guys are looking
into Coach Rafferty, and I actually...
I have some information that I know
you guys would be really interested in,
and I wanna help you out.
Uh, again,
I don't wanna be involved with this.
You can't use my name.
But I can, uh, leave you something
on your desk in the TV studio.
I think it'll be a big help to you guys.
Right here.
Bust open your computer. Come on.
This was taken on March 10th,
which was five days before the vandalism.
Damn, Rafferty's office is trashed.
"Stick your dick somewhere else."
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org